Tell me, what's up?
People I 'm here to make a video.
class for you teaching you how
put the lcd quite the bush of
gosts a lot of people just put them there and there
people and thinking that will have ripper going
have to have ikea random have 45 kind of
map in your name but usually there
When will you come in if you do not?
has the demonstration telê if you do not have
the maps
just remember the bad map the rest just know
who will have more access to e
leave the link there you will make two
download from lc will be on the link there and
you lowered av
not good click extracted from that
the two is already there here walking more
fast and you will also have a
horizon
the guys are and I think it 's 4 gb already
gives to you are putting dmc after
It's done there, it has to be a pen.
drive and is recognized by x box
updated by x box
if you do not know how they make many video
Teaching, let's go there and open it.
horizon for distracted lc much
simple
The memo is a little bit here.
very heavy and as you can see in the
my screen and mochi presence message
You guys can not x, it's ok, go back office.
Shit here puts your pen drive can see
here in alerj has already been recognized by
orizon my pen drive freedom of 8 gb
6.94
enough can minimize this
part and leaves only this here
if you do not know how do you then the
It will usually come like this.
here and will release the second part
You minimize what you do.
open any of the folders will
start the child's house over the
table
You're going to have four types of dlc guys
You can paste each folder and drag it to
inside
this has been quickly back the ok
The guys have to wait to finish the year.
on the frau map opens the same thing can
okay mind
I 'll take it from here, I'll jump from the top it can be 5
which takes longer than anticipating the
Video Here you will also drag to
within what has already been said that this
It will take time to drag you, too.
You have to put everyone can see and
fashion beauty
done that there guys from the first folder
You ok, you expect it to come to an end.
ok so of you will open the second will
have only two here you will put the
two also inside
after that it on the pendrive even you
with your external hd or if you
completed inner play beauty local x
box and copy is that there guys went right and
liked ok then gives the jewel register
My car on my channel helps me there.